Implement "exhaustive" option (#12)
sindresorhus/unique-random: readme.md

## API

### uniqueRandom(minimum, maximum, options?)

Returns a function, that when called, will return a random number that is never the same as the previous.

#### minimum

Type: `number`\
The minimum number that can be returned.

#### maximum

Type: `number`\
The maximum number that can be returned.

#### options

Type: `object`

##### exhaustive

Type: `boolean`\
Default: `false`\

> Prevent extracted numbers regeneration before all possibilities are exhausted.

Reviewer: This is not in sync with the TS docs.

Author: Just added the example and updates made to TS docs, too.

## API

### uniqueRandom(minimum, maximum, options?)

Returns a function, that when called, will return a random number that is never the same as the previous.

#### minimum

Type: `number`\
The minimum number that can be returned.

#### maximum

Type: `number`\
The maximum number that can be returned.

#### options

Type: `object`

##### noOverlap

Type: `boolean`\
Default: `false`\

> Prevent the same number from being returned twice in a row.

Reviewer: This is not what it does.

## API

### uniqueRandom(minimum, maximum, options?)

Returns a function, that when called, will return a random number that is never the same as the previous.

#### minimum

Type: `number`\
The minimum number that can be returned.

#### maximum

Type: `number`\
The maximum number that can be returned.

#### options

Type: `object`

##### exhaustive

Type: `boolean`\

> Default: `false`\

Reviewer 2: There should be a newline between the argument type information and default, and the description.

## API

### uniqueRandom(minimum, maximum, options?)

Returns a function, that when called, will return a random number that is never the same as the previous.

#### minimum

Type: `number`

The minimum number that can be returned.

#### maximum

Type: `number`

The maximum number that can be returned.

#### options

Type: `object`

##### exhaustive

Type: `boolean`\
Default: `false`

> Prevent extracted numbers regeneration before all possibilities are exhausted.\

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prevent extracted numbers regeneration before all possibilities are exhausted.
```

Reviewer 2: Needs better wording

Author: Maybe this could be more readable:

```suggestion
Prevent extracted numbers from being re-extracted before all possibilities exhausted, ensuring also the last extracted number can't be the first re-extracted.
```

Reviewer 2: We can do better by leaving out some internal implementation details.

Author: Are you intending for example “ensuring also the last extracted number can't be the first re-extracted” for some internal implementation details?

I think instead the definition (first phrase) should be kept so to make sure the user understands well what this option is about, oversimplify may cause the user to misunderstand it.

Reviewer: I agree. It needs a better wording.
